PLAY GAME use case:

1) Player will see the main menu and enter "play" to play game.
	1.1) If enter different words or numbers, it will prints errors.
	1.2) The wall must not be generated on each 4 corners to block the mouse and cats to move.
	1.3) Remove some inner walls(wall remover), so there will be a different path that lead to the cheese or a different escape route for the mouse when it is trying to avoid the cat
	1.4) When the player enters '?', it will reveal the help to show the objectives and keys to enter.
	1.5) When the player enters 'm', it will reveal the whole map.

2) The maze will be randomly generated(walls will be different each time and all the way around the edge) and 20 cells wide, and 15 cells tall(18x13 after inside).
	2.1) The cheese will be randomly generated in a different location, and after being eaten by the mouse(cannot be generated in the wall).
	2.2) The cheese can be seen buy the player.
	2.3) When the player acquired a cheese, it will display how many cheese it has acquired.
	2.4) When the player acquire all cheese, display the whole map.

3) Player will have 4 moves, w - UP, s - down, a - left, and d - down.
	3.1) If play enters invalid input or no input at all, it display errors and tells user to enter WSAD.
	3.2) If the perosn is in from of a wall or at the end of path and still wants to move forward, display error message that he/she cant move forward anymore.
	3.3) When the player and cat have the same coordinates(player moves into cat), display a message telling the player has lost the game.
	3.4) The player will be able to see the eight squares around him in order to see the path and paths they have travelled.
	
4) The mouse has to aquire 5 cheeses(location is randomly generated) to win the game.
	4.1) The location of the mouse will start at the top left corner.

5) The cat will be generated in the rest of each left over corners(three cats); top right, bottom left and bottom right.
	5.1) All three cats will move blindly along the maze(randomly walk around the path of maze) and try not to backtrack their steps.
	5.2) When the cat is on the same coordinate of the cheese, it will be on top of the cheese and only display the cat.
	5.3) The player will loose even when it has acquired the last cheese, which is on the same coordinates as the cat.
	5.4) It will cannont go over the wall.
	5.5) It doesn't not show the path it has travelled.

